Version 3.69.0 (#3435)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: HISTORY.rst

History
=======

Changes 🎉
~~~~~~~~~~

> -  Playwright debugger by @boakley in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Added support for debugging and breakpoints in Playwright-based
    Robot Framework by @boakley in
```

   https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3408

> -  Adding stripping unwanted component transformation task by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Added option for deploy task to remove selected components from the
    bundle by 
```

   @jkasturi-sf in https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3421

> -  Add Omnistudio-in-Cumulus docs by @bethbrains in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Added documentation for using OmniStudio in Cumulus flows by @bethbrains in
```

   https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3427

> -  Fix deploy of Omnistudio Remote Site Settings for new Salesforce DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Update creation of OmniStudio Remote Site Settings for new
    Salesforce domain patterns (e.g. .\*scratch.my.salesforce,
    \*.demo.my.salesforce, etc.) by
```

> -  Playwright debugger by @boakley in
>    https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3408
> -  Adding stripping unwanted component transformation task by
>    @jkasturi-sf in https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3421
> -  Add Omnistudio-in-Cumulus docs by @bethbrains in
>    https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3427
> -  Fix deploy of Omnistudio Remote Site Settings for new Salesforce DNS
>    syntaxes (e.g. .*scratch.my.salesforce, \*.demo.my.salesforce, etc.)
>    by @jofsky in https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3424
> -  The deploy_marketing_cloud_package task will now output the
>    constructed payload sent to Marketing Cloud when the --debug flag is
>    passed. by @TheBitShepherd in
>    https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3430

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Added support for debugging and breakpoints in Playwright-based Robot Framework by @boakley in
   https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3408
-  Added option for deploy task to remove selected components from the bundle by
   @jkasturi-sf in https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3421
-  Added documentation for using OmniStudio in Cumulus flows by @bethbrains in
   https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3427
-  Update creation of OmniStudio Remote Site Settings for new Salesforce domain
   patterns (e.g. .*scratch.my.salesforce, \*.demo.my.salesforce, etc.)
   by @jofsky in https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3424
-  Added --debug flag to the deploy_marketing_cloud_package task by @TheBitShepherd in
   https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI/pull/3430
```
